{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf470
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red95\green95\blue95;
\red61\green200\blue74;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Ingredients:\
- 6 eggs\
- 6 stalks kale\
- 6 stalks swiss chard\
- 15 tomatoes cut into quarters\
- 2 medium shallots sliced thin\
- 1 Tbs whole grain mustard\
- 1 Tsp garlic powder\
- 1/4 Tsp red pepper flakes\
- 4 oz shredded parmesan cheese\
- 1 Tbs butter\
- salt and pepper\
\
Directions: \
- Preheat oven to 350 degrees\
\cf2 - \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec4 In a \strokec5 non-stick skillet\strokec4  over med-high heat, melt your butter. Add shallots and a little salt and pepper and cook until translucent, about 2 mins.\
- Grab your kale and swiss chard by the stem and strip the leaves from the stem with your hands. Again, using your hands, tear the leaves into small pieces and add to your skillet. Next add your tomatoes, mustard, red pepper flakes, and more salt & pepper. Using a \strokec5 wooden spoon\strokec4 , stir all ingredients together, taste and adjust spices as needed, and remove from heat.\
- Whisk eggs and parmesan in a large bowl until well combined. Pour the egg mixture into your skillet and stir to combine with the vegetables. Then top with your tomatoes on the vine. You could also\'a0transfer\'a0all of your ingredients into a pie dish but I like to keep it simple so I bake the dish in the same skillet.\
- Bake until golden brown and eggs are completely set, about 30- 35 mins. Allow quiche to cool for 10 minutes before serving.
\f1\fs28 \cf4 \
}